hey guys welcome to the tiger tech on
this video I'm going to be doing an
unboxing of the Apple iPad which is a
pleasantry into the netbook / tablet
market love it or hate it the apple ipad
is one of the most anticipated devices
of the year apple offers the ipad in
three different variants and two
different models you can get the ipad in
16 gigabyte 32 gigabyte or 64 gigabytes
with Wi-Fi only model or you can get the
3d model which uses micro sim the 16
gigabyte Wi-Fi model goes for 499 32 for
599 a 64 for 699 and Wi-Fi + 3g model
start said 629 for the 16 gigabyte 30 to
47 29 and 64 for a twenty ninth
respectively the box itself is very
reminiscent of the iphone box so here we
have the ipad apple logo ipad branding
apple logo at the back and at the bottom
here it tells you the model number and
other specifications and the serial
number now let's go ahead and unbox this
bad boy let me take my big ol unboxing
knife and just
put the plastic off now let's go ahead
and open it so there we have the ipad
looks pretty big this is my first time
holding it kind of hefty waiting around
1.5 pounds we'll take a look at the ipad
later to see what else we have inside
the box designed by Apple in California
the typical apple menu is the 12 step
guide some more information product
guide and the warranty here we have the
typical apple 30-pin connector for your
charger and thinking and a mini similar
to the iphone charger brick and believe
it or not that's all we have actually I
forgot something inside the box the
crown jewel of Apple packaging to Apple
stickers now let me put this to a side
first impression while the screen is
really big 9.7 inch high resolution
screen for you for big so it minimizes
fingerprints and it also has IPS
technology so let's take a look on the
iPad at the center we have this one home
button just as you would find on an
iphone or ipod touch at the bottom we
have the 30 pin connector same one with
the iphone ipod and also speaker grill
on the right-hand side we have the
volume rocker up and down and at screen
log so which disables the accelerometer
so you can keep the screen on portrait
or landscape at the top we have the 3.5
millimeter headphone jack ambient light
sensor and a power and home button on
the left hand side is very sleek nothing
and at the back we have the nice black
finished Apple logo and the iPad
branding with your gigabyte size so
that's pretty much it just for a little
size comparison let me bring out an
iphone and a nexus one and this is
stacking up against the iPad let's take
away the nexus one doesn't have any
family resemblance and for a thickness
the iphone and ipad ipad is noticeably
thinner than the iphone 3gs over here so
this it's a quick side comparison
between the iphone and ipad i also
purchased them as sources for the ipad
here i have the apple case i know there
are some aftermarket ones but i just
purchased this one and an apple ipad
keyboard which comes with the dock as
well so i'll be doing a separate
unboxing for these ones so make sure you
check that out and thanks for watching
guys and if you do like this video make
sure you thumbs up and subscribe to my
channel if you haven't already thanks
for watching take care peace